hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV
where you can watch decide and ride
welcome to our detailed breakdown of the
new limited-edition icon 1000 associate
Warchild vest available at revzilla.com
so we know the associate from icon 1000
around that four hundred dollar mark
super premium vest for your colors this
is the war child they made a hundred
units worldwide it's going to be around
that six hundred dollar market super
premium leather very military
post-apocalyptic tack style we have
clips for bullets we have tact pockets
there are tonal zippers throughout again
all the same features of the icon
associate vest but now it's got all of
this gnarly military magnificence we'll
call it to it if you look at it you have
your laser perforation scheme in the
pockets a lot of pockets a few configure
throughout some that are basically
shaped to be holsters in my opinion and
you have a lot of the stitching with
really sets it off that hand stitching
along along the shoulders it's a nice
detail now quick note on sizing buzzsaw
to my left six foot two oh five forty
four forty five inch chest he's wearing
a size large but keep in mind the
associate war child is built to go over
your leathers over your jacket it's not
you can wear it on its own but it's not
designed for that now turn backwards for
me there buzzsaw accordion stretch
panels down along the outside or
underneath your arms and notice it is
that d3o viper seee level one molecular
armor built-in that you can remove you
can also add access the back panel here
as well through the inner premium liner
if you want to put your own colors on
the jacket or the vest come back around
the front open it up for me now remember
it's like um 1000 it means the Devils in
the details outside of the pockets they
did on the front notice satin liner
brass knuckles on it same things that
you'd see go that way for me and there
you go you're gonna see it on the inside
that way notice it's mesh under the arms
as well to keep you cool now love to
hear your gut reaction to the icon
associate war child limited edition vest
click here subscribe to us at RevZilla
TV let us know what you think but you
don't have to take my word for it while
there's only 100 in the world you know
that we're gonna sell a few you can
always click right here read other rider
reviews of the associate vest or the
associate war child or vest as well as
check out the other product details at
RevZilla
dot-com remember we're gonna ship for
free no surprises there if you have any
questions shooter gear geeks line see us
at revzilla.com eight seven seven seven
nine two nine four five five thanks for
watching our detailed breakdown of the
limited edition icon associate Warchild
vest I'm Anthony we'll see you next time
you